# MyNotes_Final_Project_WD_CloudMex
 MyNotes_Final_Project_WD_CloudMex

The main idea of this project is to be able to view, store, modify and delete notes that the user wishes to write in order to maintain a better order in their daily life.

Backend description
For the development of the WebServer (REST API) different technologies are used, such as:
    -Node.js
    -Express
    -MongoDB
    -Mongoose
 Being used to receive and execute the different requests generated by users.
 In this part, the different models necessary for the development of this project were created in addition to the routes to be able to access the different requests that are generated by the user, other than the basic configuration so that the webserver can work for now at least locally (The database will be mounted on the MongoDB Atlas cloud service).

Frontend description
For the Frontend part, different technologies have been used to make the user interface, these are:
    -React
     Tailwind CSS
These tools have helped us to develop an interface quickly with a large number of CSS elements which made our page look better.

Connection Backend-Frontend
For the connection between our backend and frontend, axios has been used which allows us to execute the different promises of an HTTP client such as GET, POST, DELETE, etc. which will allow us to send and receive data between our webserver and our interface.

The database has been mounted locally as the connection to the MongoDB Atlas cloud service could not be established correctly :(

My feelings and experiences of the bootcamp
This was a very fun experience since it is my first bootcamp :D, the truth in this time I have felt that I have learned a lot in too little time since it is also my first time generating a REST API 100% on my own in addition to learning to use React and tailwind without ever having contact with them.
Maybe in some moments it was stressful, because I reached a dead end but I feel completely satisfied with my performance for the little time we had in addition to trying to do as much as possible on my own.